http://universaldependencies.github.io/docs/sl/overview/introduction.html

The Slovenian UD "Treebank" is based on the ssj500k treebank (Krek and
Erjavec 2014), a reference balanced collection of sampled texts from
the reference corpus of written Slovene FidaPLUS (Arhar and Gorjanc
2007). The ssj500k corpus has been manually segmented, tokenized,
lemmatized and morphosyntactically tagged starting in the JOS project,
where the annotation guidelines had been also developed (Erjavec et
al. 2010). Approximately one half of ssj500k also has manual
annotations for dependency relations, according to the JOS scheme. The
treebanked part of the corpus, called ssj200k, is currently the basis
for the Slovene UD Treebank.

The Slovenian UD Treebank contains 11,411 sentences with 235,864
tokens taken from various text types, e.g. fiction, non-fiction and
periodicals, dating from 1990-2000.

This draft version of the Slovene UD "Treebank" does not yet contain
UD dependencies (although the JOS dependencies are preserved in the
MISC column), but it should conform to the UD formatting,
part-of-speech categories and their features, as described in the
corresponding Slovenian UD Guidelines. The conversion from ssj200k was
completely automatic, but with a large set of rules, which include
lexical, morphological and dependency features. The source corpus and
conversion scripts are available from http://nl.ijs.si/ssj/ssj500k/UD/

The corpus is split into training (80%), development (10%) and test
(10%) data.

The guidelines and conversion have been contributed by:
Kaja Dobrovoljc, Tomaž Erjavec and Simon Krek.

References:
Simon Krek and Tomaž Erjavec. 2014. Training corpus ssj500kv 1.3.
Jožef Stefan Institute, Slovenia. 

Špela Arhar and Vojko Gorjanc. 2007. Korpus FidaPLUS: nova generacija
slovenskega referenčnega korpusa (The FidaPLUS corpus: a new
generation of the Slovene reference corpus). Jezik in slovstvo, 52(2).

Tomaž Erjavec, Darja Fišer, Simon Krek and Nina Ledinek. 2010. The JOS
Linguistically Tagged Corpus of Slovene. In: Proceedings of the
Seventh International Conference on Language Resources and Evaluation
(LREC'10), Malta, 2010.

Acknowledgments:
We wish to thank all of the contributors to the original ssj500k
training corpus: Kristina Bizjak, Živa Blaževič, Klara Canzutti, Lea
Cibrič, Kaja Dobrovoljc, Tadeja Dušej, Tomaž Erjavec, Ivana Fekeža,
Nanika Holz, Urška Kamenšek, Simon Krek, Andreja Košir, Robert Kuret,
Nina Ledinek, Andrej Lovšin, Boštjan Marhold, Nina Mikulin, Barbara
Modrijan, Sara Može, Tanja Novak, Lea Peršič, Tanja Radovič, Simona
Šinkovec, Urška Vranjek, Jerneja Umer, Petra Žalodec.

